Docs update (#373)
tendermint/starport: docs/2 Architecture/4 Writing Custom Modules.md

## Frontend

> Currently starport provides a basic Vue User-Interface that you can get inspired by or build ontop on. The source code is available at the `vue` folder. Written in JavaScript you can hop directly into writing the frontend for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Starport provides a basic Vue user interface that you can take inspiration from or use it as a starting point for your app. The source code is available inside the `vue` directory. Written in JavaScript you can hop directly into writing the frontend for your application.
```
